ah ah ah there guys beauty more
quiet wines here
a watcher was the monster spirit
I was just like the worst in our series
Do not ask the video very fast today.
different a tip for you a tutorial
always noticed a change in the screen and
in the image at resolution
I'll introduce you to a
fixer fix there because I asked
in the past episode
if anyone knew of a program that
change this screen resolution to be ill
country that has demonstrated the first
level and clear and if you leave it
I find something of the type I listen to
dick scoundrel introduced me to the program
very cool that I found on google
good crowd was following this effort
which is the version of the 2005 2004 2005
ancient original shows how much it has
screen resolution at a maximum of 1024 per
768 thing of sorts but it 's a resolution
very low because this game was planned
for small engines at the time
had very large hd monitors and
everything they did in xp for
very small solution and today I have the
windows 7 with a reduction is much higher than
my 17 inch monitor screen
resolution of 1600 1900 and I will give this
game it gets too small and with
those black stripes next to me are not I
I wanted to change that up there to see it.
The better the game is to play better at something.
some more details and also in the
recording is a higher resolution and
because that's where to record the series of
past episodes is more to stay one
stretched because we get black edges
in the edition had to take safety
main take I have to stretch the
video and features 16 the template nf shows
nfs our bank and lautner or fsm w
remains and also has the nfc mw is the ex
benfiquista and has these various names and
which will fix a program that I
I think but I do not recommend using it 's a
of them that I thought I would not let
for you guys
it changes the screen resolution looks good
It's just cool that the dials -
much lower you know it's too small
is on the left side of the screen but I'm
trying to point the mouse here to
I do not know if it will work
he stays in this part here is where I am
showing that this plate is yellow
for example it becomes that the speedometer is
too bad
Then I found one other than the one inscribed
amended or disconnected, and cnfs mw res that I
leave that you are lowering is easy
to install and use is a program
so are you going to download and will come a
compressed file ie it will
visit the error file and it will open
will unzip these files send
Wherever you want, you burn from what
send these two files to the folder
the link to the video shows before
installation whether you go in my
computer says put the files and
windows 7 programs should be that the
Type banks x86 programs the police
Damn it for me here.
There you go there and games and then you go.
on the passage from March before in.
the proposal to ban márcio andrade
passed - basics you will paste these
two files you extracted from the wrong
and there is a basic program lx is a
executable nfs-and w3c will open it and it is
A fairly basic problem is well
he will be there indicating that
the resolution will want to put place
resolution on your screen of your
computer in my case I felt 900
the police also in me will read
legal disruption that is also a target for
you do not know
then you put the resolution without you
know resolution if it goes in yours is in your
desktop put to solve is
resolution of the right contran will see
resolutions put there it will put the
update your game it will not
update 1.0 does not work, nor does a
against and it will work to
demonstrate if you put death in the
demo on 1.129.130 1.3 selects and presses
the button there hunty bolatti is going to
I got police, the drug has a problem.
button out will do if we are speed
most wanted open is automatically
suddenly the solution that you
choose the resolution that you
put in the fields and there is only joy
Only people who have a problem, he's a
vine file is to run your twitter
I have always been able to help in the evolution
Whatever you want I'll have to be
open , or you'll have to push open
Where you do not want to just let you leave
it open and push some icons
normal opening of the game that will
to run only has another problem has to
be open and set a resolution
that you chose that will not work
It was simply will have to go to
You 're going to make an improvement in the series.
It used to be that we used this camera before.
here only that as the screen is bigger I
I'm going to streamline this camera now.
the environment, everything else and I know that
speedometer and map were higher in
relation to the other solution but this is
normal you have to get used
I wanted some feedback from you guys.
want screen resolution did not stay
better not change anything because the address
a lower resolution resolution with the file
gets smaller
you will get very big and on youtube
also need to indemnify
1600 but I already felt that I think
The better China better then it seems
only you find that a simple to be
installed and used only that was the problem
it is that you always have to run
If I play, do not play the game, that's it.
I do not know if the history in this template
Fixed problem in using it none
kind of hacking a thing that will te
bani
I think you can not use it in multiplayer
but nowadays I think nobody's playing
the title of this game here and that's it
or do I like you like the
favorites in the dissemination and evaluation of
video to pass a plane again here and
send feedback in comments because
did not like the comments I want
comment your here in this video be
enrolled in the channel only here in the neighborhood
button write yes, that 's it guys
lotou leaked spoke